hi everyone so I'm back with a tan and
today I'm going to be using the pixi
illuminating tint and conceal and with
my finger I'm just going to get the
concealer and put that underneath my
eyes on my eyelids and around my nose I
decided to tan because my inspiration
for this look was a Victoria's Secret
model and they always have this really
bronze golden goddess look to them so
they were the inspiration because of
course victoria Secret models are just
so sexy so I'm applying that with my
fingers all over the face I just want a
nice sheer beautiful golden glow this
tinted moisturizer is just perfect for
that natural bronze look and I only
applied it to one side of my face you
can see that subtle glow that it gives
your skin so that's one side and that
has nothing on and that's the glue and I
applied it to my face and my neck so
that everything is nice and even and now
we're moving to browse and i'm just
going to groom them through and i'm
using my sonia kashuk toe prowl definer
and I want my brows to be a little bit
thick so I'm just going to start by
applying the brow definer to the bottom
and then working on the top and I just
want them to have a really nice
beautifully groomed shape to them so
that's why do the bottom first and then
the top and then I just fill it in and
just to make them a little bit darker
and to set them I'm going to use my eye
on neutral palette from Sonia Kashuk
with a real techniques angled brush and
I'm going to fill it in and that's just
going to set it and make it dark and
it's going to make it look nice and
crisp and even and here you can see what
a difference filling in your brows makes
you can see that on this brow that it's
defined and groomed it just frames my
eyes and it has a nice arch and now i'm
going to use the urban decay naked
palette and i'm using
the color toasted and i am using a real
techniques deluxe crease brush and i am
going to apply this all over the lid and
i'm just going to extend it a little bit
for that cat eye effect and i'm also
going to put that underneath where my
brow begins this is going to create an
eye shadow and now i'm going to go in
and take the color naked with the same
brush and I'm just going to put that
underneath the brow bone and I'm going
to blend out all the colors and make it
look nice and soft and I'm going to take
that same color toasted and I'm going to
put that on my lower lash line and I
want it to be smoked out quite a bit and
now i'm going to go in and use the color
smog and i'm going to put that on my
lids focusing on the lids and underneath
the crease and i'm also going to extend
that out I don't want the color to be to
ground so that's why I layered it on top
of the color toasted to warm it up just
a little bit and get the shade that I
wanted and I'm also going to apply that
color smog on the lower lash line as
well keeping it closer to the lash line
so does not to hide the color toasted on
it underneath and then I'm going to go
in with half baked with a real
techniques blush and i'm going to apply
that only on the inner tear ducts to
brighten up that area and then i'm going
to use an urban decay 24-7 eyeliner
pencil in zero and i'm going to put that
on the waterline and i'm also going to
tight line with this and then next I'm
going to use the 24-7 waterproof liquid
eyeliner from urban decay and I'm going
to
line my lids on the outer half of my eye
only and I'm going to extend it to a
small cat eye and this eyeliner is
really well if you want to have a really
really thin line because the brush is
very very very thin so you want
something like this and then I'm going
to apply mascara to the top and bottom
lashes and I'm using covergirl LashBlast
fusion and they don't have to be that
perfect on the top because we're going
to be adding some lashes and lashes and
i'm going to use today are the miss
adoro 118 lashes and i use this these
lashes and my what a flirt video so
these are the eyes finish with the
lashes and you can see that they look
really flirty and smoky really nice I
like this look a lot and now we're going
to move on to the rest of the face and
I'm using NARS Laguna bronzer with a
Real Techniques buffing brush and I'm
just going to place that on the temples
forehead and underneath the cheeks and
I'm really buffing it in and blending it
out really well this is just going to
give you that nice chiseled real defined
look so your face doesn't like just one
dimensional
for blush I'm using pixi beauty blush in
pure speech and I'm just going to apply
that to the tops of my cheekbones with a
real techniques blush brush and then for
some highlighting I'm going to use the
bombs alumini sir and I'm just going to
place that on the tops of my cheekbones
and a little bit on the temple down the
bridge of my nose and on the Cupid's bow
that's just going to give you a nice
glow and / lips i'm using mac cremesheen
glass and on the scene some nice pretty
peachy color i'm just going to apply
that straight onto the lips
for my hair I just curled it and added
my extensions that I got at the mall and
you just want to do your hair however
you feel most confident I like my hair
to be long and curly and romantic
looking
so these are the results everyone this
is my before if you can remember from
the very beginning of the video this is
what I look like and here is the after I
hope you guys enjoy this video and I
hope your special someone likes your new
look and as always thank you for
watching and I'll see you in my next
video bye